BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

How it was implemented: All configuration fields are defined as public final fields in the Config class. Magic numbers are replaced with these fields.
Where it was used: Throughout the codebase, wherever configuration values are required.
Testing: Ensured that configuration values are properly loaded and utilized in the program and that changes to configuration values reflect appropriately in the program's behavior.
--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

How it was implemented: Graceful termination of threads is implemented in the terminate() methods of the Dealer and Player classes, where threads are interrupted.
Where it was used: terminate() method of the Dealer and Player classes.
Testing: Tested by creating multiple threads in a specific order, then terminating them and verifying that they are terminated in reverse order by printing without causing any deadlock or unexpected behavior.
--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

We are not entitled to this bonus.
